Ethan Georgi :: PHP/Web Application Developer
Email: egeorgi@nycap.rr.com <mailto:egeorgi@nycap.rr.com>
Code Portfolio: ethancodes.com <http://ethancodes.com>

Overview
With a background in Computer Science and more than seven years
developing applications for the web, I have experience with numerous
technologies. Self-motivated and efficient, I am capable of taking on
multiple projects and producing impressive results. A creative
problem-solver and eager to learn, I would be a valuable asset to any
development team. I am looking for a challenging and fulfilling position
which allows me to put my abilities to good use and encourages
professional growth.

Education & Experience
Bachelor's of Science in Computer Science from Marist College (1999)
Studied software development lifecycle, algorithms, object oriented
programming, compiler design, database design, etc. Used Java for many
major projects.

Knowledge of web development technologies

    * Understanding of major application design concepts like object
      oriented programming and open source development.
    * Proficient with HTML and CSS.
    * Extensive use of PHP for the development of modular control
      panels, website management applications, picture galleries and
      dynamic image manipulation, blogs, forms for posting comments and
      sending email, importing and exporting RSS feeds.
    * Recent experience with Smarty templates, PhpDocumentor, XML, and
      XHTML.
    * Familiar with SEO concepts.
    * JavaScript to create menu applets for intranet navigation, pass
      field values between forms and windows, user input validation, and
      dynamic field population.
    * VB and Perl for CGI scripts and executables.

Familiarity with database platforms

    * Have used MySQL, Microsoft SQL Server, and Informix to store
      backend data. Create and maintained stored procedures. Taken
      advantage of ODBC, LSX, RDO and ADO to interface with frontend.

Experience with most operating systems

    * Have developed and administered on FreeBSD, Linux, Windows 9x, NT,
      2000 and XP, MAX OS X, as well as on IBM Mainframes.

Excellent documentation skills

    * Inline documentation of code, end user manuals, support pages, and
      the organization of documentation for various systems.

Other technologies

    * Java, Perl and Python for artificial intelligence experiments,
      including a genetic algorithm to evolve a specified phrase and a
      simulation of Langton's Ant
    * Ethernet and 802.11 (WiFi) networks, including WEP.
    * Subversion, cPanel, Interworx Siteworx, Modernbill, Microsoft
      Office packages, Adobe Photoshop, Corel Painter

Work History

MountainMedia.com, Inc, February 2007 to present, PHP Developer and
System Administrator

    * Mountain Media offers hosted e-Commerce solutions for small to
      medium businesses. Each website is developed individually, with a
      custom graphics implementation, utilizing a shared code base.
    * Responsibilities included, but not limited to, design,
      development, maintenance, and support of new modules, custom
      scripts, and reports, documentation, design of application
      architecture, technical support for graphic designers and clients,
      server maintenance, mail and mailing list administration.

HostRocket.com, Inc, June 2006 to January 2007, PHP Developer

    * HostRocket.com, Inc. is a webhosting company offering hosting
      services for a variety of private and corporate entities. It's
      sister company ViaTalk offers broadband phone service to
      residential customers.
    * Responsibilities include upper level technical support for ViaTalk
      technicians and customers, development and maintenance of new
      ViaTalk features, implementation of new control panel interface
      for HostRocket clients.

Eden Communications, Inc, August 2004 to April 2006, Lotus Notes Developer

    * Eden Communications, Inc. creates service management software for
      companies of all sizes. Packages included Help Desk, Asset
      Management, and Project Management and are useable in both the
      Notes Client and a web browser.
    * Responsibilities included gathering requirements from clients for
      customizations, writing of technical specifications, development
      and testing of customizations, Domino administration, and
      technical support.
    * IBM Certified Application Developer Lotus Notes and Domino 6/6.5

First Albany Corporation, May 2001 to August 2003, Application Developer

    * First Albany is a financial institution dealing in stocks, bonds,
      mutual funds and money markets, with offices all over the United
      States.
    * Responsibilities included development and maintenance of
      applications and data used for financial research, client
      services, and internal workflow, as well as technical support and
      Domino server administration.

Marist College, June 1999 to February 2001, Application Developer

    * Marist College is a liberal arts school located in Poughkeepsie,
      NY, with strong involvement with IBM.
    * Responsibilities included technical support for staff and faculty,
      deployment of Domino servers, creation and maintenance of Domino
      user accounts, maintenance of existing application on various
      platforms.

Contact Information

    * Email: egeorgi@nycap.rr.com
    * Code samples: http://ethancodes.com
    * References available upon request

